Seriously, what was that dream...
Get enough rest?
Just a reminder, regular shift today.
You got this!
That's right. Work.
That explains the nightmare.
Here's your iced Americano.
So,
are you doing better now?
Better how?
Remember that chaos right outside here?
You passed out cold.
And the pics went viral.
People tagged you "Haemu Fainting Guy."
And it really was an affair, huh?
The lady's husband?
Deputy Manager Son over at Food Division?
Where does that leave things?
Word is you handle that stuff at Audit.
- Da Young.
- Yeah?
Looks like orders are piling up.
I'm sorry!
Hey, Assistant Manager Noh!
The Haemu Fainting Guy?
Look at you, totally fine.
- All better?
- Yeah, all better.
They put you on affair cases, right?
How did that happen?
- I thought you were thriving at Audit.
- Look.
Not "affairs." PM.
Public Morals.
Know what you're talking about.
Assistant Manager Noh.
Yes, Secretary Park.
I heard what happened.
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
That's a relief.
Oh my, Assistant Manager Noh!
Just now showing up?
So happy to see you I could faint.
Ms. Joo.
That's not something to joke about.
Why not? I think I've earned the right.
The fact that you're here in one piece
is only because I held you up
with both of these arms, alright?
Even threw my wrist out and needed acupuncture.
What an absolute honor.
No big deal.
Let me submit that disciplinary report
on Deputy Manager Son immediately.
That's already been handled.
Excuse me?
It's been wrapped up.
Delicious and drinkable. Massigo.
Through Haemu's distinctive
and cutting-edge food tech
achieving real farm-to-table results,
we firmly believe Massigo
is set to become the lead brand
of Haemu Foods, shaping global food trends.
And with that, I'll wrap up.
Thank you.
We'll give it everything.
Okay, but that still doesn't sit right.
Deputy Manager Jung gets exiled to the factory
while Deputy Manager Son keeps his spot?
Not even removed from the project?
[Joo In Ah]
Honestly, between the two,
the married one, Deputy Manager Son,
has more to answer for
than the single Deputy Manager Jung.
By whose standards, exactly?
Son has consistently performed
and he's leading Food Division's
major new brand.
And Deputy Manager Jung?
Outside of whatever Son pulled her into,
her record and standing aren't impressive.
As far as the company's concerned,
Deputy Manager Jung
is the bigger liability here.
Wouldn't you agree?
But ethically...
Ethics?
What are you, a cop? A judge?
Does this company exist
to hand out gold stars and punishments?
All a company has to care about is
what each employee brings to the table.
Around here, that is ethics and morals.
What, did you expect
some kind of feel-good karma ending?
Cheaters humiliated and hiding in shame?
Like that?
You're a lot greener than you seem.
So then why put me on this?
This kind of work.
Not exactly suited for a naive person.
Actually, you're ideal for it.
- What's the actual...
- Don't let it eat at you too much.
The bigger pay cut landed
on Deputy Manager Son.
And his reputation is already in the gutter.
Performance reviews will reflect all of this.
And if divorce proceedings start,
he's facing legal fallout too.
Alright.
A closed case doesn't need more attention,
so let's nail this next one.
I'm sorry?
CompanyLife.com.
Haven't you been checking it?
Comment section is a mess.
[Episode 2: I'm the Best]
Do something about Section F already.
What is Haemu, some kind of hookup zone?
- Too many gross things spotted there.
- Section F?
It's common knowledge.
HQ's underground parking garage.
- No cameras covering it, right?
- What's all this?
- Not a chance I'd park there.
- How's this news to everyone?
Down on B4 of the garage, Section F,
turns out it's where office couples go.
Married, single, doesn't matter.
Zero cameras facing that direction, pitch dark,
hardly any cars parked on the 4th floor.
Can't beat that.
Quite the expert on this, Mr. Cha.
Just picked it up through the rumor mill.
First things first, let's confirm this.
Running an investigation
off rumors isn't an option.
Understood.
How do we confirm that? Through who?
The team's established a HUMINT network.
Did you say HUMINT?
[Intel collected via human sources
like informants or internal contacts]
[Lee Sun Hwa, HQ Janitor]
Where do I even begin?
Happens all the time.
[Oh Seok Hun, Security Guard]
You catch them, but it's so uncomfortable
you just pretend you didn't see anything.
[Kim Da Young, H Cafe staff]
Section F.
Everyone calls it the hot spot.
[Parking Restriction Notice for Maintenance]
Yeah, that area right there.
Does that spot somehow make it more exciting?
Grown adults with decent jobs,
and this is what they do?
Tell me about it.
Should
anything odd come up, a tip would be great.
Sure thing. Take care.
Yes.
So
our HUMINT has confirmed
the information is legit.
HUMINT, my ass.
- Let's just go eat.
- Oh, right.
Today's cafeteria menu is tonkatsu, miso soup,
and braised potatoes.
I'm not eating at the cafeteria.
Let me look up some places nearby then.
- Don't bother.
- But I...
[Tonight...]
Any plans tonight? It's your birthday.
Going out with your boyfriend?
Not really.
You're being so mysterious.
I keep wondering what type of guy
someone like you sees.
The cafeteria keeps getting worse.
I know, right? Tomorrow we eat out.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
Is that your husband right there?
Mr. Kwon?
Yeah, that's him.
Why aren't you going over to say hello?
Are things tense between you?
No fight. We're good.
Ji Yeon,
once you've been married a few years,
even brushing hands feels weird.
You're always so dramatic.
You two are funny though.
Back when you were dating,
you hid it and acted like total strangers.
Now the whole office knows you're married,
and you still keep your distance?
It's about keeping work and home apart.
Right, sure,
as if home is where the magic happens.
Come on.
You two still getting it on?
That's for honeymooners. We're just family.
You guys were so all over each other.
How come every married couple
ends up like this?
Keep the heat up forever and you'll melt, dude.
[Assistant Manager Yeon So Yeong]
[New message received]
College reunion tonight. Going to be late.
Got it.
Oh my.
I'm so sorry!
It's okay.
What is wrong with me?
I'm really sorry.
Don't worry about it. These things happen.
Ms. Sun.
On my way, sir.
- Again, sorry.
- It's alright, go.
- Cheers!
- Refreshing.
- So refreshing.
- Right?
- Jun Seo!
Over here!
- You got even better looking!
- Long time no see!
- You haven't changed at all.
- You really did.
It slipped my mind to mention
Jun Seo was joining.
My bad.
Don't worry about it.
Please, that breakup was a lifetime ago.
Long time no see, So Yeong.
You look exactly the same.
Not a thing's changed.
Stop it. I look way older now. Don't I?
Not at all.
You look beautiful.
Just like before.
- What's going on with you two?
- Excuse me, I was always the cute one.
Oh, come on.
- You two never change.
- You're killing the vibe here.
Here you go.
Pour me one.
Let's get started.
It's time to vote.
[Final Results: The 3rd Survivor Announcement]
How did his rank slip?
That mission bonus is ridiculously high.
Boys to Planet's final global first round vote
[Final Global Round 1 Vote]
is now underway.
For the Boys to Planet Final Global...
Hold on, is double voting allowed?
Head to the Boys to Planet page,
open the voting tab, pick one contestant...
Who is it?
After that...
Hey. Let's grab a drink. It's been a while.
What are you trying to do here?
Are we getting back together?
You want to get back together?
If not, forget it.
You're always, without fail,
completely one-sided.
Out of nowhere you said
"let's date," then vanished.
Two full years later you show up
at my door for what?
- "Have a drink?"
- So?
Did it crush you when I left?
Did you shed any tears for me?
Of course not.
You just let me leave
with that "suit yourself" attitude.
I'm sure you didn't even blink,
let alone cry, Mr. Unbothered.
Drink this. Let it all go.
Good, right?
Not bad, actually.
I need to stay here a bit.
- What?
- Just let me stay.
Consider this whiskey your rent.
Probably over 3 million won.
Are you out of your mind right now?
Leave.
My place isn't some shelter.
There's literally nowhere else for me.
I ran into trouble and left my apartment,
and finding a new place isn't realistic.
My family, you know how it is...
they've never done a thing for me.
I hear you,
but you can't just crash at a guy's place.
That's not okay.
- Let me get you a hotel room.
- How many nights?
There's no telling how long this drags out.
Do you have 10 million to spare?
Looks like that's a hard no.
Alright, I'll leave.
Maybe I'll sleep at some sauna,
or just lie down on the sidewalk.
If some random guy starts following me?
Oh well,
I'll just go with him.
Not in a position to be choosy.
Take care.
This is temporary.
The second it's sorted, you're out.
The smaller room's mine.
Keep the bigger one.
Thanks.
Hold on!
Like that's not a given?
Where does all this nerve come from?
Could you take a look at the shower?
It might be dripping again.
Sure, I'll check it out.
Never actually fixes anything...
Did you see that parking lot post
on CompanyLife?
[Seriously? It's a parking lot, not a bedroom!]
I read it, yeah.
Some people are unreal.
We don't even do it in our own bedroom,
but they're doing it at the office?
Should we try it?
I'm beat.
Hard pass for me too.
Turn off the light.
Do it yourself.
Looks like you dropped some weight.
Your face got even tinier.
Is it stress? From Joo In Ah?
Stick to that whiskey you brought over.
Quit taking my beer.
She really bothers you that much?
How come?
For making you the "cheating specialist"?
Not cheating, it's PM.
She hasn't figured out who I am yet.
I had a case going in Team 1, right?
Everything's filed in the handover folder,
and once she goes through it,
she'll see what I bring to the table
and pull me back.
Assuming she's any good.
Come on,
a guy like me shouldn't be stuck doing this.
What's wrong?
Sounds like it's right up your alley.
PM, cheating, whatever you call it.
How is that... what?
Wait a second.
Actually, you're ideal for it.
Hey.
That's word for word what Joo In Ah told me.
How am I the perfect fit?
Love affairs and drama.
You're basically an expert.
She barely knows anything about me.
When has she ever caught me
in a situation like...
Hang on...
That silhouette...
Did she see it?
So that's the reason...
she chose me?
Can't be.
Or could it?
Is it possible?
Straight black hair.
White top.
Is that some kind of uniform?
Can't really say.
Might not have been her.
What's with the look?
Something on my back or what?
Just came for some coffee, that's all.
Feels like there's something on your mind.
Mr. Noh.
If you're struggling with anything,
feel free to speak up.
Okay.
Better to just ask than sit here overthinking.
Ms. Joo.
Actually, hold on.
There's no way I can ask
"Did you catch me kissing?"
Tell me.
About the parking garage, what's the plan?
Our sources verified those rumors are real.
Maybe post a "no inappropriate conduct" sign?
That leaves us with zero results.
Someone has to get caught.
Catch people?
And how exactly do we pull that off?
It's not like I can
stake the place out and wait.
A stakeout?
That's absolutely ridiculous.
The audit team isn't law enforcement.
Surveillance for an audit, really?
Exactly, right?
That's what I'm saying.
My point exactly.
Though I heard years ago, one auditor
used a drone to snap photos.
Seriously, what kind of auditor does that?
It's not some hobby club. Right?
Down your coffee and get moving.
My clothes are stuck. My legs...
Nothing else was available from the fleet.
I should've brought my own car.
If I slide this seat all the way back,
you'll have extra space in the front.
- No, don't worry about it.
- One moment, just let me...
- Just a second...
- Really, it's okay.
I'm sorry.
Seriously, what are we even doing?
And you too.
All that hard work in school wasn't for this.
Good grades, a solid resume,
and it ends up here?
My school wasn't anything like yours,
and there's not much on my resume either.
The Seohae plant's community hire program
brought me in. Pure luck.
During the interview I told them,
"White blood runs through my veins!"
And they appreciated that old-fashioned energy.
White blood!
- The company mascot bird, right?
- Yeah.
- That explains the White Blood Cell nickname.
- Bingo.
A sharp guy like you probably feels like
Team 3 assignments are too small,
but being at Haemu Group,
this place everyone dreams about,
and especially at HQ's audit office,
the best of the best,
that alone means everything to me.
Every day still feels like a blessing.
Hey, White Blood Cell.
Yes.
My eyes were just shut
for an extended period. Not sleeping.
Can you recall
what Joo In Ah...
had on her first day?
Give me a second...
My recall for stuff like this is incredible.
Okay.
Try to remember.
What did she have on?
So below the waist,
dark pants.
What about up top?
Up there...
black, too.
- Positive?
- Absolutely.
Oh, nice.
Black.
Hold on, though...
could've been a white blouse.
Seriously,
a white one?
Maybe not?
What?
Was it dark?
The dark one?
No, scratch that.
It was white.
Definitely white.
Are you kidding me?
I'm fairly certain it was white.
Or maybe not?
- Never mind.
- Yeah.
I'm going to get coffee. Just wake up.
Got it.
Still can't shake this feeling.
What am I even doing?
Even if she saw it, then what?
Whatever.
It's not like I committed a crime.
Forget it.
Oh, you scared me!
Why are you so jumpy?
That was so sudden.
Is a sudden entrance off-limits now?
Do I need to knock before coming in?
For what reason?
Did I catch you...
in the middle of something like this?
Wait...
she saw...
She definitely saw it, right?
Noh Ki Jun.
What?
You said no acknowledging
each other at the office.
There's no one here.
Joo In Ah giving you trouble again?
You look terrible.
Pretty much.
Pick a warm spot
with good sunlight for my grave.
Why accept it without a fight?
There's a way out for you.
I mean Executive Kim.
The VP's dinner plans got canceled,
so he's looking for a drinking buddy.
Oh, hello sir.
This is Noh Ki Jun, assistant manager.
Yes.
Joo In Ah
never backs down, even with the higher-ups.
You think the rest of us
don't have it in us to be that bold?
That's just how corporate life works.
Right, yeah.
She does that with the higher-ups too?
At least she doesn't just push
around the ones beneath her.
Oh, whether she's tough
on the weak or whatever,
and honestly,
how can someone have such bad judgment?
I mean, our ace, you stuck in Team 3,
doing PM work?
I mean, PM work? Of all things?
That's exactly it.
It's been really rough, sir.
Take it easy, alright?
You know who I am, right?
Now this is still
between us, but...
there's a new department I'm putting together.
Kind of a command center
for the whole group.
Strategic Management...
General Management Control Division.
The name alone sounds huge.
Huge, right?
Your name's already been mentioned.
You'll be free from there before long.
Let me pour you one, sir.
Okay.
To our General Management...
- Control Division.
- Control Division's
bright future.
Cheers!
That hits the spot.
I'll take off first.
Alright, see you in the morning.
It's raining.
When are you getting off?
I'm working late.
Buy an umbrella and head home first.
Hello?
Jun Seo?
That was so typical of us back then.
We were so young and completely fearless.
Reaching out was the right call.
Is this really enough without actual food?
You normally eat a ton.
Whatever works. As long as I'm with you.
Right, exactly.
Look at all this rain.
Let's...
What?
Stay together?
Just till the rain stops.
[Send]
[Email sent successfully]
Sent it.
Great work today.
You beat?
Good work today.
Not at all.
Honestly, I feel amazing right now.
It was my very first time working overtime.
Yeah?
How about we get a drink to celebrate?
Absolutely!
Let's go get something good.
Sure. Wrap up and let's go.
Sounds good.
[Wife]
I said go home without me.
Are you soaked?
This is wrong.
The rain already stopped.
Let's do it.
- What?
- I said let's do it.
We can't keep going like this.
We need to do this.
What's gotten into you?
Fine. Home first, all right?
You're going to catch a cold.
Let's do it here.
This is the place, right? Section F.
Come on.
- What's wrong with you?
- Don't ruin the moment.
Chairman gave the green light.
You'll leave Audit any day now.
Nice shot, sir!
♪ I'm the best ♪
Think you'll finish up early?
Let me see if I can cut out soon.
We'll eat well tonight.
Sure. Don't take forever.
Okay.
Good morning.
Gorgeous day out, isn't it?
That's a great look on you today.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You two look great together.
- Thank you.
Good morning.
Morning, Mr. Noh.
You really love your button-downs, huh?
Looks great on you.
You seem cheerful.
Did something good happen today?
Why would I be in a bad mood?
Beautiful day, life is...
Actually, I've got one for you.
Not one catch at the garage so far.
You're not phoning this in again
like the Son case, are you?
Just letting it slide?
Do better.
No assignment here is
less important than another.
Sure. Just go with it.
She's almost out of my life anyway.
Absolutely.
I drove my own car in for a real stakeout.
Let you down again?
No way.
Ma'am.
The shopping mall had this huge prize event,
and the phones won't stop ringing.
"Is this legit?
I put in so many entries,
why didn't I win anything?"
Since when is Audit a customer service hotline?
Mr. Noh, stay on the parking garage case.
Wait a second...
You could really use backup for a stakeout,
right?
One moment.
Even Hyun Gyu's tied up on calls.
There's nobody left.
Nobody available? How?
Our finest asset is standing right here.
Who?
What's wrong with you? It's making me uneasy.
Why not?
Do you think it's not a job
for someone like you?
Someone told me no Audit task
is beneath anyone.
All right, then.
Let's have ourselves a cozy, useful session.
The seatbelt's a bit much, isn't it?
We're not driving anywhere.
My choice.
You probably just spaced out.
Take it off. Can't be comfortable like that.
I'm totally fine right now.
Couldn't be more relaxed. Super comfy.
Seriously, just undo it.
Don't let pride get in the way.
It happens.
This kind of thing takes practice anyway.
No worries.
You sure know your way
around this type of case.
I'm sorry?
Naturally you'd be familiar.
With situations like this.
Ma'am,
about that thing...
Which thing?
- What do you mean?
- The thing you saw.
That whole scene,
I'm not some creep or anything.
The thing is...
my lips just kind of...
Let me handle this.
It's my responsibility.
Opening the car door. Audit team.
Opening up.
Oh my, Executive Kim.
I heard you were so busy.
- Wait.
- So what's this about, you two?
Seriously?
Folks like you should know better than this.
Each of you has a family waiting, right?
Just close that, will you?
Sort it out and step outside.
Classic Mr. Noh right there.
You keep every promise you make.
What a massive catch you pulled in.
A real whopper!
No wonder you're the best in Audit, huh?
Wait a second.
You reported straight to Executive Kim,
didn't you?
Years of working together
and you brought your own boss down
without blinking.
Imagine how much better things would be
if everyone followed your lead.
Right?
Excuse me.
Could Executive Kim walk away clean
- the same way Deputy Manager Son did?
- Not a chance.
His case is nothing like Deputy Manager Son's.
The man holds an executive title.
One contract termination and he's out the door.
They'd actually fire him?
Still, the company can't really do
without Executive Kim...
That man is far from indispensable.
He does nothing, he's dead weight,
and just because he's on the chairman's side,
he acts like a big shot.
The vice chairman's been itching
to cut him loose.
You gift-wrapped the perfect reason for him.
So Executive Kim?
It's over for him.
[This area is for parking only]
[No Parking]
[Executive Kim Han Soo]
Your call can't be completed.
Redirecting to voicemail...
[Big Sister]
[Pick Up]
- That's so hilarious.
- Hey, sis.
Ki Jun? Hello?
When are you getting here?
I'm on my way. Almost there.
That bathroom handle needs fixing too.
Sure.
Hey, Noh Ki Jun.
Check Jin Young's laptop, will you?
The laptop?
Ki Jun, something's off with that couch.
Take a look.
There's only one of me, all right?
One at a time.
The couch?
- Which side is wobbly?
- The left side.
Look at my boy.
Our precious youngest, always so helpful.
Mom, come on, seriously.
Mom, this meat is so good.
Why are you drinking so much?
Look at him. He barely touched his food.
You can't even handle your liquor.
Stop drinking!
Stop pinching me, seriously.
Just leave me alone.
Is something wrong?
Yeah, seriously. What's going on?
Is somebody messing with you?
What?
Who is it? Which punk is it?
Take them to court, okay?
Get your brother-in-law on it...
- We should talk it out first.
- Sue...
I'll call them for you.
Just stop it. Leave me alone.
We need a name first. Who is it?
We should talk it out first.
Talk it out? Look at the state he's in.
Just call your husband already.
What kind of scumbag
would do this to our precious boy?
Gosh.
- Who is it? Tell us.
- I'm saying we need to talk it out!
We need a name. What's the name?
- Tell us.
- Just say the name.
No, just stop it!
Who is it?
Just tell us!
I just... I hate you guys!
Leave me alone!
No.
Make the call!
Call them! Call customer service!
- What customer service?
- Call customer service!
[Haemu Pharma]
[Noh Ki Jun Audit Team 1 Handover]
[Haemu Pharma 2025 Contract Audit]
[Delete Noh Ki Jun Audit Team 1 Handover
and all subfolders for good?]
[Confirm]
Executive Kim's situation is regrettable.
Did you burn him intentionally?
No.
It came up by accident
while auditing something else.
What a letdown.
I figured you'd picked up some edge,
but it was all just dumb luck.
I haven't given you anything yet.
Prove yourself.
Prove you're not like your mother.
Honey, Seong Yeol is here.
Say hi to your father.
I'll go make some coffee.
Father, your youngest is here.
Oh, you're here too?
It's been a while.
Father, how's your health?
You're supposed to be lying low,
and no one sent for you.
How dare you show your face here?
Nice to know you're still the same as ever.
How come neither of you two
has any middle ground?
One of you is too soft to get anything done.
And the other one's got no fear
and keeps causing trouble left and right.
Good grief.
So Dad, I went ahead...
and caused another incident.
That Saudi gas plant Package 1
you said you dreamed about...
Plus Package 3 on top of that.
A total of 8.77 billion dollars.
I landed it.
So, what do you think?
Think I've earned my way back yet?
I hear there's an open spot at HQ, too.
Should I cancel lunch?
You don't look like you're feeling great.
I'm fine.
Get me the staff evaluations
and a shortlist of who's up for promotion.
One more thing...
Schedule a meal with QS International's
President Lee Hyung Geun,
as soon as you can.
Got it.
Do you want to leave now?
To the AI camp.
Let's head out in 30.
One moment, please.
I can handle this myself.
Just email me the files.
Got it.
Like what?
No, you know what, what was it?
Man, I need some sugar.
Where did Ms. Yoon keep her jar?
Found it. Ms. Yoon's candy jar.
Got some weight to it.
You got something new in here?
This one's new to me.
What is it?
It's good.
Like a mango thing?
Oh right, Hae Young.
What place did we pick for tonight?
Kkul-kkul-i's Charcoal Pork BBQ.
Pork again?
It's Ms. Joo's welcome dinner.
Can't we step it up?
The company dinner fund's almost tapped out.
What's with you
being so tight with the money?
Did you take a special exam
on holding the vault key so tight?
I've got no choice when a servant keeps
draining the budget dry.
A servant?
Did you catch that?
- You're calling me a servant right now?
- Hit a nerve?
- Aren't we all just servants?
- What's wrong with you?
Anyway, where did Mr. Noh go?
He's been gone for a while now.
Mr. Noh's been a little off today...
His face looked pretty rough.
Just sighing left and right.
Looked like he was tearing up a bit.
- Anyway, he just seemed really sad.
- Really?
Did he get dumped?
Looks like it.
Oh man, that's rough.
Thanks for the candy.
There...
he goes.
My only hope.
My lifeline.
Adios.
Total prime real estate.
Back then,
it was all salt fields right outside the plant.
All hell broke loose.
You know what matters most for salt farming?
It's the sun and the wind.
But once you cover up the southeast,
there's shade and the wind can't blow through.
The salt won't crystallize at all.
Right then, the guy who saved the day was...
Mr. Baek.
You should eat some too.
I'm eating. I'm fine.
You're making me look bad here.
I'm the youngest one here.
Seriously, don't worry about it.
Because I just think that's how you are.
That I'm just rude by nature?
See, that land used to belong to...
No, that's not what I meant.
It was the perfect location...
It's burning! Quick, eat up.
- I'm telling you, Mr. Woo is something else.
- You're good at being passive-aggressive.
[Watchlist]
Back when he first started in China,
this one time...
Really?
What do you mean, really?
- I haven't even said anything yet.
- What gives?
It's not "what gives,"
just hear me out.
So this guy...
Alright, Audit Team 3.
Let's have a drink together.
Oh, you're here.
Thanks.
Alright, shall we all have a drink?
Oh, hold on one second.
- Yes, eat up everyone.
- Sure.
At the end of the day,
we all work to eat, right?
- Yes, thank you.
- Sure.
Here, let me pour you one.
- Sure thing.
- Enjoy your drinks.
Thank you.
Mr. Noh, let me pour you one too.
Oh, soju.
Okay.
You really worked hard.
You all know, right?
He scored a big one.
Of course.
He's our team's pride and joy.
Pride and joy, he says.
Let's raise a glass to our Audit Team 3 ace.
Alright.
Here's to Mr. Noh!
- Cheers!
Mr. Noh!
So good.
This drink hits different!
Let me...
Here's a wrap for you.
♪ I need you, baby, bye bye bye ♪
♪ Do you really have to go, why why why ♪
♪ All those words are a lie lie lie ♪
♪ I'll wait for you till the day I die ♪
♪ Don't cry alone just because I'm not there ♪
♪ Come back to me, my love ♪
[Cancel]
♪ Don't you know ♪
The vibe totally tanked.
Tell me about it.
Time for some CPR on this vibe.
That's my job, right?
Come on over and take a seat.
TWIT!
♪ You're a fool ♪
♪ Twit twit twit twit ♪
♪ I don't like it nobody likes it ♪
♪ Fragile little Simcheong ♪
♪ Twit twit twit twit ♪
♪ I don't like it nobody likes it ♪
♪ You're a fool ♪
♪ Fragile little Simcheong ♪
♪ Look around you once in a while ♪
♪ You're hurting but you don't even know it ♪
♪ You make me royal
You make me a hero ♪
♪ You make me genius, yes ♪
♪ You give so much, so why are you
the only one ending up miserable ♪
♪ Because you only breathe for me ♪
♪ You look so lonely ♪
♪ You're a fool ♪
♪ Twit twit twit twit ♪
♪ I don't like it ♪
[Cancel]
♪ Nobody likes it ♪
Ma'am.
Isn't this a bit much?
Yes,
I kissed someone!
I know that's why you put me on PM duty.
But so what?
How is that a PM violation?
Is there anyone here who doesn't kiss?
You've never kissed anyone?
I'm asking if you've never kissed!
You alright?
You were puking the whole night.
Word is you went viral yesterday.
Wait, how did you hear about that?
Walls have ears in this company.
A story that juicy travels fast.
You've never been hated before, huh?
You're everybody's golden boy.
Golden boy, my ass.
Come on, it's still a workplace.
If I do good work,
they'll forget eventually, right?
Ki Jun.
When people like you, they just do.
Once they hate you, nothing you do will fix it.
Right now, she can't stand you no matter what.
Maybe I should just walk out.
At least go to work.
You still have to turn in
your resignation in person.
I'm taking the day off.
Must be nice.
Ma'am.
I'm sorry about yesterday.
You must be pretty disappointed.
Excuse me?
About not getting
into the General Management Control Division.
If you wanted out of Audit that bad,
you should have just said so.
I'm not that unreasonable.
Don't go scheming behind my back.
Oh, and just so you know,
that division got scrapped.
When Executive Kim got the boot.
How are you holding up?
I think you're kind of cool, honestly.
If that were me, no way I'd show my face.
Why are you fanning the flames?
Think about how hard this is for him right now.
Right?
He's the type to blow up out of nowhere.
No, okay?
It's not.
[The name we built,
Haemu Recognized by the world first]
[Assistant Manager Noh Ki Jun, Audit Team 3]
[Check Retirement Benefits]
[Retirement Benefits: 40,788,560 won]
Alright.
I'll take a breather.
I'll find another job.
I'll just throw in the towel.
[Resignation Letter]
[Name: Noh Ki Jun]
There's something I need to say.
Mr. Noh.
Did you take what I printed out?
[Audit Office Q3 Stationery Expenses]
One second.
Here.
[New email:
"A tip about Head of Audit Joo In Ah"]
[Head of Audit]
[Joo In Ah]
[A tip about Head of Audit Joo In Ah]
[Joo In Ah is in an inappropriate relationship
with a coworker]
Scared you, right?
If there's even a slim chance
that report is real,
I'd have the ammo to finish Joo In Ah for good.
- What?
- You scared me.
He's a cougar magnet?
I told you, stop doing this.
Leave. Now.
I can't believe she's cheating.
Ever seen her come in with a man?
Ten condoms? Really?
There's one hell of a storm coming our way.
What kind of person is Joo In Ah, anyway?